Do not add public initializers to abstract contracts (#197)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-transpiler: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## Unreleased

> - No longer add public initializers to abstract contracts. Only to concrete ones.

Reviewer: Reads better (according to Claude)

```suggestion
- Skip abstract contracts when generating public initializers from the `publicInitializers` list.
```
